Changed ALL instances of "CloudHub Fabric" to "Clustering". (#226)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment-strategies.adoc

== High Availability

> CloudHub provides high availability through xref:cloudhub-fabric.adoc[Clustering]. Clustering provides a combination of load balancing, persistent message queues, and horizontal scaleout. In addition, the platform also actively monitors services and workers for problems. For example, in the case of hardware failure, CloudHub auto-migrates the application to a different worker using xref:managing-applications-on-cloudhub.adoc[CloudHub zero downtime updates], minimizing down time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudHub provides high availability through xref:cloudhub-fabric.adoc[clustering]. Clustering provides a combination of load balancing, persistent message queues, and horizontal scale out. It also actively monitors services and workers for problems. For example, in the case of hardware failure, CloudHub automatically migrates the application to a different worker using xref:managing-applications-on-cloudhub.adoc[CloudHub zero-downtime updates], minimizing downtime.
```
